Second one volunteering however it is done
improperly in a lot of places right so
volunteering at Tech conferences is
a great way to expand your network and
gain valuable industry insights right?
Also offers unique opportunities
to hang out with the speakers and
the movers and
shakers in the Tech industry.
However, it can be done in a right and
wrong way.
I have seen people who volunteer and
they're so busy being hanging out with
the cool kids and not making sure
they hang out with the right kids.
My first rule of volunteering
is I don't want to
volunteer at a cool kids conference.
Like that's just something I don't
do if I'm trying to get a job.
I don't go to cool kids conferences,
because cool kid conferences
are usually cool kid confidence because
they're not heavy on the hard stuff.
And so because they're not
heavy on the hard stuff.
The people that have the jobs,
they're usually not there.
So that's been my experience.
Like the party conferences, the people
with the jobs, they're not going there.
They're going to the boring ones that
are talking about the hard stuff this
tightly coupled with the business logic
that's gonna focus how their company is
gonna make revenue in
the next two to five years.
So technology, right?
Those are the conferences you wanna be at.
Those are the ones you
wanna be volunteering for.
Those are the ones that you want to have
these have those conversations are like,
The one is talking about how
great if I go to a conference and
I don't think people are telling
us how great the food is.
I'm not gonna be at that conference.
Like I need a conference where
people want to talk about the tech,
talk about how great
the technical talks are.
All I hear about is the music
is the food is how cool.
How many cool people are there?
I'm like, yeah, that's cool.
How many people there that could
they could hire you on site
though like wasn't that no one get
hired on site okay you got a DJ and
no one else that alright cool
that's fine I'm gonna go home and
no no shave my dog or something.
I don't know.
So like that's how I view it, right?
So when you're thinking about volun-
because this is your time, right?
And time is money.
And time is capacity to make money.
You could be spending your time doing
something better like interviewing,
practicing interviewing skills, building
more substantial projects, anything like
that versus being in a conference is
nothing but a waste of your time.
Right?
So when you're thinking
about volunteering,
focus on those conferences
that are going to be boring.
The only exception to that
are if the companies or
if it's a company ran conference.
Usually company ran
conferences are both fun.
And also very insightful
because they only make it fun.
So people will stay but they want you
to spend money on their products so
they're talking about you know really
good products right like Google IO
that's a fun conference and if you get in.
You're gonna be happy volunteering like
getting those places are super fun so
that's the only exception to tech
conferences when they're fun is like fun
day conferences that are ran by
the companies like AWS Microsoft, Google,
if you get on any of those conference,
get opportunity to go to any of those go
you're definitely gonna learn something
and you're definitely gonna have fun and
they don't even need alcohol to do it.
So like that's what I recommend.Make sure
if you are going to volunteer at a tech
conference.
You know what experts you're
trying to reach out to.
Or you know what this tech
conference is about for you.
For instance, he wants to go to cloud
computing probably shouldn't be at
Reactify to thought, right harsh reality.
Cloud computing, edge computing,
he should probably be looking at
Cloud players tech conference.
Views are looking and
see what the Cloudflare dev developer
advocates where are these people talking
at right you're back in you talked about
we talked about authentication, right?
So you should be talking and looking
at where's the off guys gonna be yet?
Because those guys mean
they might know more about
where's the good conferences are anyway,
like Corey?
I'm forgetting his his name
Cory Weathers okay look up
Cory weathers he's in hit of a dead
advocacy it auth I believe and
he will help you he does
a lot of backend stuff he
definitely does a lot of
talks all over the globe.
He can definitely point you to the right,
like tech conferences if you're like for
back end and stuff like that.
He's a he's a C sharp guy,
so nobody's perfect.
He's cool, but-
>> Java than Microsoft, Java.
>> [LAUGH] I learned one reason I learned
Python is because I don't like C sharp so
bad I told them that for like,
because of machine learning and
like API's and stuff in Python
is becoming big and Microsoft,
I will write Python until my fingers
like fall off before I write C sharp.
That's like I'll write Python all day.
Y'all don't have to ask me no questions.
You want to write Python Jerome?
Yes.
Like I'll do anything right.
I was like,
please don't make me write C-sharp.
Please, I'm like a kid.
Like, don't, please don't ground me and
make me write C-sharp.
Like JavaScript, Python,
I'll write YAML, it won't matter,
like just, don't make me do .NET.
I'm sorry.
[LAUGH] Whatever I did wrong, I apologize.